Hello everyone, today I decided to do a
video tutorial on how to enable the hot
personal spot on our device
with ios 7 completely free
thanks to a cydia tweak that now
we're going to see the tweak better and in
question and eternity
I don't know how to pronounce it goes well yes but
this tweak downloadable from cydia
it allows you to enable the very best
to personal in any device in
completely free and without
having to contact any operator of the
vodafone as our device live
in fact, he would say he did it first
not having I had no personal because if
I used to go mobile and be fair to each other
personal told me just for military
cetera etc. visit the site
vodafone.it
for all those who have had it
same problem I recommend this tweak
because it worked 100 percent
with me so I think 100 per works
hundred also with you
and now let's go and see siri e
meanwhile, hoping that an iphone will not
reboot on your own because most
of the videos I was trying to make
as I say I do not know him alone
loading slow because I have an iphone
4 and ios 7 with the iPhone 4 the owners of
iphone 4 sleep that don't go much
okay perfect on cydia we'll go
to look for the tweak that to terni as I have
already stated and shown and is available from
many many sources
I downloaded it from xxl live
or as they say
it's completely free
download for once you have
downloaded in twitter will appear in
settings i got scared i
I will buy in the settings and here it is
here termi and you to enable it enough that
here you activate the car but personal and vi
it will appear by itself automatically below
cellular therefore the enabling of the 3g
and water then you can set the
password how to connect etc. and go
to score a lot of and I think
thank you all for watching the
video and the next with other tweets